so Cody what's life like here
good old shiverpool it really wasn't
that easy for him growing up my brother
was the big egg
I was the little egg I'm not the only
kid on the island whose dad was you know
eaten dog when I was a boy I met Big Z
it was - he was awesome he was the
biggest name in surfing and right then I
knew you know I was gonna be just like
him
Cody's out in the water all day shirking
his responsibilities it takes a real man
aside you know it came in like you're
gonna do anything I was going to show
everyone on that iceberg what I could do
that was radical
somebody help the chicken from Columbia
Pictures in Sony Pictures animation I'm
in love this is the third time you've
been unconscious this week I just don't
think it's very good for your brain
comes the incredible true story of Cody
maverick it's gonna be amazing and I
hope the cameras rolling because you're
gonna want to watch it over and over
nice ride man this summer you know what
surfing is about here but not here this
very spot huh I can feel in my nuggets
it will take more than skill sweet man
it will take more than strength I'm
gonna jump the water with your head
bring on pepper face hey people spawn
Marty the girlfriend out of this wow
that feels good hey once you work on my
glutes a little bit to find out what it
really means
[Music]
don't be a winner
everyone's like code use this Cody's at
Cody's me bro
let me be me where's somebody who
doesn't knock me off my surfboard change
definitely not a winner he's a dirty
trash can full of poop surf shop so just
come across a no goons treat me as
they're seen me in a hot tub
[Music]
[Applause]
you